README.md, before:

# Ultimate Goals of 2024
1. Be prepared to apply for an internship or an education program like SSAFY: I think what I have to do right now is to actually make various programs(Android, Front, Back, Linux scripts, Crawler, etc) to find out what I really want to do.
   1. Do my best on practice SW project to get an attention from the CTO so that I can get the internship at Miridi if possible.
   2. Make at least one program that some people around me can actually benefit from.
   3. Take part in at least one project as a leader to improve leadership skills(goal and environment setting: motivation/learning opportunity/responsibiility in decisions, conflict management by social engineering)
3. Try applying for various companies to be numb about getting rejected and constantly reflect on the life choices and my skills.
4. Make a blog and organize what I've learned. = Distribution of *refined* knowledge

### Attitudes and Skills I have to acquire
1. I am never fully ready for sth. Just start. Not knowing enough is just an excuse for being lazy.
2. Do as much as I can at the first time or given time: If you are asked a question and you don't have the answer, show how you approach the question. If you are reading a book, understand, refine, and remember at the first time.
3. Hardly say no or bad things about anything. Always express when there are things I feel grateful or good about.
4. Always explain in details and background values of my words if there's a chance that could be misunderstood.

# General Plans for 2024
### October
- Wrap up what I am currently doing, to reach a level that I can prove I learned at least few things I wanted in the first place
- Build a simple web application(probably a simple online forum) using top-down learning. The main goal is to think about the considerations in providing services and get basic understanding and skills of frameworks.
  
### November-December
- Take a part in the at least two group projects. Make sure that I'm not the only programmer.
- Do some simple side project related to my life to show that I can solve unorthodox problems
- Analyze and reverse-engineer currently exisiting websites
- Get a room somewhere in Seoul

# October
### Basic Methodology: Always memorize what I learned using mnemonic skills. And constantly review them.
### Objectives
1. Complete Java Web Programming Next Step -> Make a server application that I can use and that uses everything I learned in the book
4. Complete Rust 100 Exercises: Do what I planned at first. Code by unit tests. Don't try and error, instead minimize the number of attempts by carefully thinking through.
5. Code an online forum to practice front-end and back-end frameworks. Maybe space reservation system (NH School piano room) or chatbot using LLM with existing answers on QnA section on the nhschool page would work.
6. Write at least two posts about daily IT knowledge.
7. Memorize CS knowledge chosen by tech interviews using mnemonic skills. Develop the mnemonic and reading skills along the way.
8. Sign up for a piano institute.
10. Download one new-age sheet music and make it on my own. Compare the result with the sheet.
11. Make an Android app that can get meal QR with one click.
12. Figure out if there's a way I can reserve my meals automatically.
    
### Daily Activities  
1. Apply for all companies in Jasoseol.com that I can meet the requirements.
1. Constantly practice observation and drawing without looking.
1. Write a few sentences using rhyme, metaphor, and association every day with what I have felt or thought that day.

### Works at School
1. Give my best to practice SW project: Evaluate my code in terms of SOLID principle, naming rules, UML class diagram, specification prediction, etc and make amends constantly. Maybe also MVP approach and constant refactoring.
3. System programming assignments: Write unit tests and test cases, think like a programmer(e.g. abstraction, function design, algorithm and data structure), write clean code using naming rules and refactoring.
4. Reverse engineering: Ask for some additional assignments I can try top-down learning on.


<!-- # 2nd Round(9.19-9.30)
I don't think I am ready to apply for the jobs. Especially, in terms of what only I can do. But I could write cover letters and get feedback or give feedback on my own. Experience is the most important anyway.  
I've heard from one HR person and one PM that big companies want applicants with one specialty and overall ability to learn new things. But startups and IT companies want proficiency in specific skills(e.g. frameworks(React, Spring, ...), cloud structure, docker/kubernetes) and vast knowledge about the infrastructure. So to get into IT companies, more experience like internship seems necessary.

## Primary Goals
1. Try to make clear whom I want to be.
1. Mnemonic skill practices & application: The goal is to practice basic skills of mnemonic skills so that I can easily apply them later.
3. Complete rust 100 exercises
   - First, complete the whole exercises using notes as a memory and storage. Focus on the thought process to define problems and on retrieving.
   - When done, make a systematic knowledge structure, focusing on key concepts, out of what I've learned so far.
   - Convert it into images and memorize using mnemonics.
   - Do the exercises from the beginning to improve the images.
4. Come up with a solid plan for job application
   - First, I am going to visit the library to gather information about what kind of skills are essential in programmers in all fields and SWE job application strategies.
   - I also have Youtube lectures on job application strategies.
   - Then I will build a model that incorporates everything I know about job application and IT companies. Be sure to ask why and verify the every decisions in this stage.
   - Finally, I will narrow down the companies I want to apply for. So that I can focus on certain traits to appeal to them.
6. Make core habits that should last for a long time
   1. Try to spend as much time as possible on goal-oriented activities
   2. Make concrete goals to prove that I learned or I did and plans to guarantee acheiving the goals + Plan-Do-Feedback cycle
   3. Think thoroughly to recall/remember. Do not blindly memorize/remember.
8. Continue studying Java web programming next step
9. Learning by Teaching Experience (LTE)

## Reflections
1. Try to make clear whom I want to be
   - A musician
   - A visual thinker(painting, calligraphy, design)
   - A good SW engineer
1. Mnemonic skill practices & application: The goal is to practice basic skills of mnemonic skills so that I can easily apply them later
   - I don't think practicing skills themselves align with directness.
1. Complete rust 100 exercises
   - ~7.9, 13 left -> probably about 10 hours more
1. Come up with a solid plan for job applications
   - I am currently reading the books about being a programmer. What I have felt so far are:
      1. It is always more efficient to study with other students, or real programmers if possible.
      1. Good feedback is all you need to learn.
      1. Always show who you are and what you do to get feedback.
      1. Top-down learning is necessary as I can't learn everything and feedback is only possible that way.
   - I didn't and won't watch the Youtube lectures as the general jobs are different from programming jobs.
   - Instead, I will ask for some advice from Miridi CTO, other programmers in field by sending cold mails, and developer community members.
   - Overall, I'm going to make a portfolio to show that I have basic skills and understanding of the frameworks.
1. Make core habits that should last for a long time.
   1. Try to spend as much time as possible on goal-oriented activities.
      - I failed so hard at spending time efficiently. I wasted too much time on playing games and watching videos. Probably I'm avoiding the reality to feel less unimportant. -> Just focus on completing daily goals. Think no more.
   2. Make concrete goals to prove that I learned or I did and plans to guarantee acheiving the goals + Plan-Do-Feedback cycle
      - My goals and thought process are being more specific. But it seems not to prove that I've learned. -> ★ Try dividing learning goals and performance goals, and specify them both. Especially, be conservative about proofs of understanding.
      - However, still skipping giving feedback and reflecting. -> ★ Extract feedback sessions alone and plan them specifically.
   3. Think thoroughly to recall/remember. Do not blindly memorize/remember.
      - Thinking but not really thorougly. Probably because I am focusing on completing the tasks rather than learning and remembering. -> ★ Going to try thinking based reading and life.
1. Continue studying Java web programming next step
   - Have been avoiding it since I didn't want to learn more about JSP.
1. Learning by Teaching Experience (LTE)
   - He is not serious about learning and life in general. Instead, he likes sports and making jokes. Maybe I can learn those kinds of things from him. -> ★ Get some feedback about how my usual talking feels like. ★ Ask questions about how they interact, the lines, and try to act in those ways. ★ Also, find something that we can do together such as running, squash, or something rather than just sitting there and talk.
   - I am not explaining so well about Korean expressions. Because it really depends on the contexts. -> ★ Ask for more specific situations, or be in a situation together.
   - His Korean pronunciation is not so good that I can't understand his words. I should give some feedback.
   - I'm learning some dude languages: dabble, chill, fire, dialed in, cooked.

# 1st Round(9.10-9.18)
I can't properly control my time and environments due to the long holidays. So I am not going to do the things that require constant reviews and no distractions.
1. Complete Rust 100 Exercises:  
   - At first, just try to solve problems on my own, referring to the materials.
   - Next make systematic, intuitive images to think with.
   - Then do it over to develop the images. Make review problems or sessions and add them in Anki.

3. Try to Make Core Habits
   1. Active observing and listening = No zoning out and mindless repetition: For now, focus on short-term memory capability.  
      - When I have to just sit there, observe what are before me and try to recall them with my eyes closed. Repeat till I can.  
      - When listening, make what I hear into mental images and try to hold them in my mind.
   2. Plan-Do-Feedback cycle: With Rust exercises.
4. Read 《The Organized Mind》 in A Top-Down Way:  
   - Write a review or an argument regarding the core contents. Apply the evaluation based approach.
-->

Commit message:

added learning basic compiler as an objective

README.md, after:

# Ultimate Goals of 2024
1. Be prepared to apply for an internship or an education program like SSAFY: I think what I have to do right now is to actually make various programs(Android, Front, Back, Linux scripts, Crawler, etc) to find out what I really want to do.
   1. Do my best on practice SW project to get an attention from the CTO so that I can get the internship at Miridi if possible.
   2. Make at least one program that some people around me can actually benefit from.
   3. Take part in at least one project as a leader to improve leadership skills(goal and environment setting: motivation/learning opportunity/responsibiility in decisions, conflict management by social engineering)
3. Try applying for various companies to be numb about getting rejected and constantly reflect on the life choices and my skills.
4. Make a blog and organize what I've learned. = Distribution of *refined* knowledge

### Attitudes and Skills I have to acquire
1. I am never fully ready for sth. Just start. Not knowing enough is just an excuse for being lazy.
2. Do as much as I can at the first time or given time: If you are asked a question and you don't have the answer, show how you approach the question. If you are reading a book, understand, refine, and remember at the first time.
3. Hardly say no or bad things about anything. Always express when there are things I feel grateful or good about.
4. Always explain in details and background values of my words if there's a chance that could be misunderstood.

# General Plans for 2024
### October
- Wrap up what I am currently doing, to reach a level that I can prove I learned at least few things I wanted in the first place
- Build a simple web application(probably a simple online forum) using top-down learning. The main goal is to think about the considerations in providing services and get basic understanding and skills of frameworks.
  
### November-December
- Take a part in at least two group projects. Make sure that I'm not the only programmer so that I can learn from and collaborate with other programmers.
- Do some simple side projects related to my life to show that I can solve unorthodox problems
- Analyze and reverse-engineer currently exisiting websites
- Get a room somewhere in Seoul
- Study basic cloud, compiler, software engineering on my own.

# October
### Basic Methodology: Always memorize what I learned using mnemonic skills. And constantly review them.
### Objectives
1. Complete Java Web Programming Next Step -> Make a server application that I can use and that uses everything I learned in the book
4. Complete Rust 100 Exercises: Do what I planned at first. Code by unit tests. Don't try and error, instead minimize the number of attempts by carefully thinking through.
5. Code an online forum to practice front-end and back-end frameworks. Maybe space reservation system (NH School piano room) or chatbot using LLM with existing answers on QnA section on the nhschool page would work.
6. Write at least two posts about daily IT knowledge.
7. Memorize CS knowledge chosen by tech interviews using mnemonic skills. Develop the mnemonic and reading skills along the way.
8. Sign up for a piano institute.
10. Download one new-age sheet music and make it on my own. Compare the result with the sheet.
11. Make an Android app that can get meal QR with one click.
12. Figure out if there's a way I can reserve my meals automatically.
    
### Daily Activities  
1. Apply for all companies in Jasoseol.com that I can meet the requirements.
1. Constantly practice observation and drawing without looking.
1. Write a few sentences using rhyme, metaphor, and association every day with what I have felt or thought that day.

### Works at School
1. Give my best to practice SW project: Evaluate my code in terms of SOLID principle, naming rules, UML class diagram, specification prediction, etc and make amends constantly. Maybe also MVP approach and constant refactoring.
3. System programming assignments: Write unit tests and test cases, think like a programmer(e.g. abstraction, function design, algorithm and data structure), write clean code using naming rules and refactoring.
4. Reverse engineering: Ask for some additional assignments I can try top-down learning on.


<!-- # 2nd Round(9.19-9.30)
I don't think I am ready to apply for the jobs. Especially, in terms of what only I can do. But I could write cover letters and get feedback or give feedback on my own. Experience is the most important anyway.  
I've heard from one HR person and one PM that big companies want applicants with one specialty and overall ability to learn new things. But startups and IT companies want proficiency in specific skills(e.g. frameworks(React, Spring, ...), cloud structure, docker/kubernetes) and vast knowledge about the infrastructure. So to get into IT companies, more experience like internship seems necessary.

## Primary Goals
1. Try to make clear whom I want to be.
1. Mnemonic skill practices & application: The goal is to practice basic skills of mnemonic skills so that I can easily apply them later.
3. Complete rust 100 exercises
   - First, complete the whole exercises using notes as a memory and storage. Focus on the thought process to define problems and on retrieving.
   - When done, make a systematic knowledge structure, focusing on key concepts, out of what I've learned so far.
   - Convert it into images and memorize using mnemonics.
   - Do the exercises from the beginning to improve the images.
4. Come up with a solid plan for job application
   - First, I am going to visit the library to gather information about what kind of skills are essential in programmers in all fields and SWE job application strategies.
   - I also have Youtube lectures on job application strategies.
   - Then I will build a model that incorporates everything I know about job application and IT companies. Be sure to ask why and verify the every decisions in this stage.
   - Finally, I will narrow down the companies I want to apply for. So that I can focus on certain traits to appeal to them.
6. Make core habits that should last for a long time
   1. Try to spend as much time as possible on goal-oriented activities
   2. Make concrete goals to prove that I learned or I did and plans to guarantee acheiving the goals + Plan-Do-Feedback cycle
   3. Think thoroughly to recall/remember. Do not blindly memorize/remember.
8. Continue studying Java web programming next step
9. Learning by Teaching Experience (LTE)

## Reflections
1. Try to make clear whom I want to be
   - A musician
   - A visual thinker(painting, calligraphy, design)
   - A good SW engineer
1. Mnemonic skill practices & application: The goal is to practice basic skills of mnemonic skills so that I can easily apply them later
   - I don't think practicing skills themselves align with directness.
1. Complete rust 100 exercises
   - ~7.9, 13 left -> probably about 10 hours more
1. Come up with a solid plan for job applications
   - I am currently reading the books about being a programmer. What I have felt so far are:
      1. It is always more efficient to study with other students, or real programmers if possible.
      1. Good feedback is all you need to learn.
      1. Always show who you are and what you do to get feedback.
      1. Top-down learning is necessary as I can't learn everything and feedback is only possible that way.
   - I didn't and won't watch the Youtube lectures as the general jobs are different from programming jobs.
   - Instead, I will ask for some advice from Miridi CTO, other programmers in field by sending cold mails, and developer community members.
   - Overall, I'm going to make a portfolio to show that I have basic skills and understanding of the frameworks.
1. Make core habits that should last for a long time.
   1. Try to spend as much time as possible on goal-oriented activities.
      - I failed so hard at spending time efficiently. I wasted too much time on playing games and watching videos. Probably I'm avoiding the reality to feel less unimportant. -> Just focus on completing daily goals. Think no more.
   2. Make concrete goals to prove that I learned or I did and plans to guarantee acheiving the goals + Plan-Do-Feedback cycle
      - My goals and thought process are being more specific. But it seems not to prove that I've learned. -> ★ Try dividing learning goals and performance goals, and specify them both. Especially, be conservative about proofs of understanding.
      - However, still skipping giving feedback and reflecting. -> ★ Extract feedback sessions alone and plan them specifically.
   3. Think thoroughly to recall/remember. Do not blindly memorize/remember.
      - Thinking but not really thorougly. Probably because I am focusing on completing the tasks rather than learning and remembering. -> ★ Going to try thinking based reading and life.
1. Continue studying Java web programming next step
   - Have been avoiding it since I didn't want to learn more about JSP.
1. Learning by Teaching Experience (LTE)
   - He is not serious about learning and life in general. Instead, he likes sports and making jokes. Maybe I can learn those kinds of things from him. -> ★ Get some feedback about how my usual talking feels like. ★ Ask questions about how they interact, the lines, and try to act in those ways. ★ Also, find something that we can do together such as running, squash, or something rather than just sitting there and talk.
   - I am not explaining so well about Korean expressions. Because it really depends on the contexts. -> ★ Ask for more specific situations, or be in a situation together.
   - His Korean pronunciation is not so good that I can't understand his words. I should give some feedback.
   - I'm learning some dude languages: dabble, chill, fire, dialed in, cooked.

# 1st Round(9.10-9.18)
I can't properly control my time and environments due to the long holidays. So I am not going to do the things that require constant reviews and no distractions.
1. Complete Rust 100 Exercises:  
   - At first, just try to solve problems on my own, referring to the materials.
   - Next make systematic, intuitive images to think with.
   - Then do it over to develop the images. Make review problems or sessions and add them in Anki.

3. Try to Make Core Habits
   1. Active observing and listening = No zoning out and mindless repetition: For now, focus on short-term memory capability.  
      - When I have to just sit there, observe what are before me and try to recall them with my eyes closed. Repeat till I can.  
      - When listening, make what I hear into mental images and try to hold them in my mind.
   2. Plan-Do-Feedback cycle: With Rust exercises.
4. Read 《The Organized Mind》 in A Top-Down Way:  
   - Write a review or an argument regarding the core contents. Apply the evaluation based approach.
-->
